### The Ancient Forge

A custom crafting table, the Ancient Forge, is the entry point for Ancient Technology's items. It can be used to craft - or, rather, forge - other custom items and blocks included in the pack. The Ancient Forge is data driven, which means other data pack authors can add their recipes to it with a simple `data modify` command. For example the following command adds the recipe for the Ancient Automaton to the Ancient Forge.

> `data modify storage ancient_technology:forge data.recipes append value {slot1:{id:"minecraft:lapis_block"},slot2:{id:"minecraft:diamond"},slot3:{id:"minecraft:lapis_block"},slot4:{id:"minecraft:redstone_block"},slot5:{id:"minecraft:crafting_table"},slot6:{id:"minecraft:redstone_block"},slot7:{id:"minecraft:lapis_block"},slot8:{id:"minecraft:iron_block"},slot9:{id:"minecraft:lapis_block"},result1:{id:"minecraft:glow_item_frame", Count: 1b, tag:{CustomModelData:80085,display:{Name:"{\"text\":\"Ancient Automaton\"}"},EntityTag:{Silent:1b,Tags:["ancient_automaton"],Item:{id:"minecraft:glow_item_frame",Count:1b,tag:{CustomModelData:80085}},Invulnerable:1b,Invisible:1b,Fixed:1b}}}}`

As long as other data packs run their `data modify` commands _after_ Ancient Technology is loaded, their recipes will appear on all Forges placed from then on. Already-placed Forges could be broken and re-placed to pick up any newly added recipes. Unused ingredient slots and result slots should be omitted, but obviously at least one ingredient and result should be included! Note that the Forge allows for 1 to 3 result item types per recipe, each with their own count, and supports all types of tag/nbt data on the result items, making it hella more useful than regular recipe.json files in my opnion. :)
